README.md, before:

# ParallelReportPortal

This gem is a Ruby-Cucumber formatter which sends the test output to [Report Portal](https://reportportal.io).

This formatter supports plain 'ol Cucumber tests and those wrapped with [parallel_tests](https://rubygems.org/gems/parallel_tests).

It also supports Cucumber 3.x and 4+ (Cucumber implementations using cucumber-messages).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'parallel_report_portal'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install parallel_report_portal

## Usage

### Configuration

The formatter supports configuration via a config file or via environment variables

#### Configuration file

It will search for a file called `report_portal.yml` or `REPORT_PORTAL.YML` in `./config` and `./`. It expects this file to contain the standard Report Portal configuration options -- see the Report Portal documentation. Optionally, the config file keys may match those accepted through environment variables -- they may contain 'rp*' and 'RP*'.

#### Configurable Timeouts

When running in parallel you might encounter some connection timeouts and these have been made configurable. You can configure the Report Portal yaml file with these attributes and set your own custom timeout values.

```yaml
idle_timeout: 100
open_timeout: 60
read_timeout: 60
```

#### Environment variables

It will search for the following environment variables which may be in upper or lowercase (the official client defers to lower case, this is available here for compatibility).

- `RP_UUID` - the user's UUID for this Report Portal instance which must be created in advance
- `RP_ENDPOINT` - the endpoint for this Report Portal instance
- `RP_PROJECT` - the Report Portal project name which must be created in advance and this user added as a member
- `RP_LAUNCH` - the name of this 'launch'
- `RP_DEBUG` - _optional_ if set to the string value `true` it will instruct Report Portal to add the output of these tests to the debug tab
- `RP_DESCRIPTION` - _optional_ a textual description of the launch
- `RP_TAGS` - _optional_ a string of comma separated tags
- `RP_ATTRIBUTES` - _optional_ a string of comma separated attributes

### With cucumber

```
cucumber -f ParallelReportPortal::Cucumber::Formatter
```

With cucumber and another formatter (so you can see the testoutput)

```
cucumber -f ParallelReportPortal::Cucumber::Formatter --out /dev/null -f progress
```

### With parallel_tests

```
parallel_cucumber -- -f ParallelReportPortal::Cucumber::Formatter -- features/
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/dvla/dvla-reportportal-ruby.

Commit message:

+ Adds an option for Logging request to RP

README.md, after:

# ParallelReportPortal

This gem is a Ruby-Cucumber formatter which sends the test output to [Report Portal](https://reportportal.io).

This formatter supports plain 'ol Cucumber tests and those wrapped with [parallel_tests](https://rubygems.org/gems/parallel_tests).

It also supports Cucumber 3.x and 4+ (Cucumber implementations using cucumber-messages).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'parallel_report_portal'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install parallel_report_portal

## Usage

### Configuration

The formatter supports configuration via a config file or via environment variables

#### Configuration file

It will search for a file called `report_portal.yml` or `REPORT_PORTAL.YML` in `./config` and `./`. It expects this file to contain the standard Report Portal configuration options -- see the Report Portal documentation. Optionally, the config file keys may match those accepted through environment variables -- they may contain 'rp*' and 'RP*'.

#### Configurable Timeouts

When running in parallel you might encounter some connection timeouts and these have been made configurable. You can configure the Report Portal yaml file with these attributes and set your own custom timeout values.

```yaml
idle_timeout: 100
open_timeout: 60
read_timeout: 60
```

#### Environment variables

It will search for the following environment variables which may be in upper or lowercase (the official client defers to lower case, this is available here for compatibility).

- `RP_UUID` - the user's UUID for this Report Portal instance which must be created in advance
- `RP_ENDPOINT` - the endpoint for this Report Portal instance
- `RP_PROJECT` - the Report Portal project name which must be created in advance and this user added as a member
- `RP_LAUNCH` - the name of this 'launch'
- `RP_DEBUG` - _optional_ if set to the string value `true` it will instruct Report Portal to add the output of these tests to the debug tab
- `RP_DESCRIPTION` - _optional_ a textual description of the launch
- `RP_TAGS` - _optional_ a string of comma separated tags
- `RP_ATTRIBUTES` - _optional_ a string of comma separated attributes
- `RP_VERBOSE` - _optional_ an int, specifying the desired debug level for request to RP. Values: 0 (Error), 1 (Info), 2 (Debug) 

### With cucumber

```
cucumber -f ParallelReportPortal::Cucumber::Formatter
```

With cucumber and another formatter (so you can see the testoutput)

```
cucumber -f ParallelReportPortal::Cucumber::Formatter --out /dev/null -f progress
```

### With parallel_tests

```
parallel_cucumber -- -f ParallelReportPortal::Cucumber::Formatter -- features/
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/dvla/dvla-reportportal-ruby.
